BOTBOARD REV 1
This version, originally known as BotBoard 04, became BotBoard05 Pro
Rev. 1 fairly quickly when 2004 ended. It is characterized by a
dual-layer construction, making milled versions difficult to build.

How do I know if I have one?
You don't - only 1 was ever made, and it never worked nicely.

BOTBOARD REV 2
This was the first 1-layer version, and much easier to build. It was
the first version to boast an etched-on Revision number, and marked
the move to 45 degree traces

How do I know if I have one?
You don't - only 1 was ever made. It was found to have traces far, FAR
too small - in some cases they didn't even mill properly.

BOTBOARD REV 3
At last, a working protoype. This increased the size of power and
signal traces for better millability, and added a resistor pulling
down RB3 so that burning code into LVP-enabled PICs fresh out of the
box would work.

How do I know if I have one?
Once again, you don't - only 1 was ever made. Almost immediately, the
size of the vias on the wire links was increased so that 22 gauge wire
could be used.

BOTBOARD REV 4
The distribution model. The only difference between this one and the
Rev. 3 is the increase in size of the wire link vias, and a change of
the Revision label.

How do I know if I have one?
If it says Rev. 4 on the bottom, and is green on top with no traces on
the top, then this is what you have. Also check the orientation of the
H Bridge chips - if they're orthogonal to the PIC, it's one of these.

BOTBOARD REV 5
This is the first mass-produced version. SV2 and the entire voltage
regulator section were rotated, along with the H Bridges, and the
entire layout was compressed. Around this time we also changed the
L293D to the SN754410, a functional replacement at a slightly lower
cost. This version also marks the return to a 2-layer construction.

How do I know if I have one?
It says Rev. 05 on the bottom, and has a green soldermask on both
sides. The H Bridges are also parallel to the PIC, and the BotBoard 05
and IEEE logos are on the top, rather than the bottom.